Ha
ana
Haie so far Kai it here is a work of
It is bolt to fork
To the bottom of the fork
Center bolt these two could be inserted
In make the machine be removed to it that the front four schools is yet to come
It is first, it took a tire after the
For example we will remove example it is an anti-say meter cables
It is a front child to the axle shaft
When removing it, first of all it is 9 bolts 4
I will get this
When it is malt, it is only the first shot
That power is
In this wrench it takes products
I can read
After that you see, hey a little wrench 0
I will press
Yes I 'm waiting for some time now
Next access shaft, here is the same as the first one
Because that talk takes
In the movie first
It moves after moving
Because I do not understand well with most
lancet But have you been
9 exterior parts department is because most jelly is not already bought
I'm turning from set to set
It's a point Well if there is a lot of space then it 's better than z
The c-type lens can move faster
Yes now it was taken by the brake caliper
It is still coming in
To the idea to Brown
I Econo brake it
I 'm going to put a heavy burden on the tube
I think it is better to keep it on this day or another without leaving it blank
It is a string on the day
I am worried about the power from the brake hose
It is dirty burden is not Nari Are you sure you want to It is a sea a take a
Now loosen this four or more ginger
I'm in the process of pulling out the front fork, but usually I miss the spot underwear in this state
But
It is as you can see here
There are not many fork cases
It has been s erosion
It's so high , I guess it's quite easy to pull back here to make it so small.
I'm riding in a bad situation